hey youtubers run in here here's my DIY
flight sim cockpit it's right now
running x-plane 10 with the Efus app on
the iPad and I've got for the throttle
I've got the the saitek FCS pro for the
flight stick and for the throttle I've
got the saitek rudder pedals down there
and Buttkicker simulation Buttkicker
attached to the seat I picked up this
cool racing seat locally online I got it
for a pretty good deal just from my car
but it looks pretty good on the sim got
the most right there the keyboard I
haven't figured out a way a permanent
mount for that so I just kind of put it
on my lap got the sound system just some
cheaper logitech speakers behind there
here I've got the the computer driving
the flight sim it's a right now it's a
core i5 overclocked to 4.4 gigahertz of
the water cooling 16 gigs ram gtx 780
video card everything is contained on to
the unit itself I've got it on some
furniture slide so I can slide it in and
out to work on it really super happy
with the way it turned out I built all
the parts on the C&C had designed them
all in cad and then cut them all out on
the C&C the frame is built from PVC that
i painted spray painted block from plans
from the simulator plans found online
the username simulator here's the the
backbone for the displays it's a big
chunk of C aluminum that I spray painted
black as well it's actually pretty heavy
and it was really expensive but at the
time I couldn't really think of a good
way to solve the amount the mount
monitors so I just ended up doing that
got the track I are up there
it's a earlier version of it but it
works quite well for for viewing along
with a headset for listening to air
traffic control so I'm running flight
sim X prepper 3d and explain 10 on it
right now anyhow if you're interested in
more vids let me know on this and I'll
go into more detail on how I built it
and more detail on the components and
maybe we'll even do a flight anyhow
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe